Hi, I know you actually are
presenting the video on how
to recognize oneself according to one's form
of the body
but I wanted to make a small announcement is
a long time trying to organize a
course in Milan
and finally we did it and
checked the room but then a course
Saturday 23 November at the Sala delle
hotel conferences idea plus bicocca
so close enough to the center there
I leave all the information on the blog
and in the link below, however you know
that you can get there with the m there
also the shuttle bus that connects the
metro station the hotel in credits
you can also park and course will be
of the whole day therefore from ten
and half in the morning more or less up
at 6pm with a break
lunch in an hour and a half also take you
every twenty years the poster and so on
it will be a course all day long
very similar to what will be there
Venice for a week's pop 19
October
by the way if some of you are in
area between a touch to describe itself is still there
some free place then a course that
But we can understand their own form of
body to understand what it gives according to the
body shape but there will also be
some games I prepared which not
I want to reveal a lot because it will be a little
a surprise that will help us a little
let's make peace with the same things and so on
so it is a course not only focused
on clothes and we say so and others
information I can give you
only for registration then to send
description said send an email to
when for beginners snail
gmail.com and corso will cost 50
EUR
I hope to see you in many and bye